OSDOCS-18105 [ROSA]: New Feature Log Forwarding in UI (#112116)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-cluster-log-forwarding-ui-day1.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/rosa-forwarding-control-plane-logs.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-create-cluster-log-forwarding-ui-day1_{context}"]

> = Creating a {product-title} cluster with log forwarding for Day 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Creating a {product-title} cluster with log forwarding
```

[role="_abstract"]

> On Day 1, you create your {product-title} cluster in the {hybrid-console} and you can set up control plane log forwarding. As you create your {product-title} cluster, you have the option to forward your control plan logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket, `CloudWatch` log group, or both. If you do not want to forward your control plan logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket or a `CloudWatch` log group, you do not need to complete those instructions.

Reviewer: We typically don't use "Day 1" and "Day 2" language in the rest of the ROSA docs, so it might be better to frame "Day 1" as "when you create your cluster".

So, for example: 
```suggestion
You can set up control plane log forwarding when you create your {product-title} cluster in the {hybrid-console}. As you create your {product-title} cluster, you have the option to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket, `CloudWatch` log group, or both. If you do not want to forward your control plan logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket or a `CloudWatch` log group, you do not need to complete those instructions.
```

.Procedure

. In the {hybrid-console}, go to *Clusters* -> *Cluster List*, then click the *Create cluster* button.
. On the *Managed services* offerings page, go to the offering, *Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA)*, and click the *Create cluster* button, then select *With web interface*.

> . For the *Create a ROSA Cluster* -> *Control plane*,  select your *ROSA hosted architecture*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For *Create a ROSA Cluster* -> *Control plane*, select your *ROSA hosted architecture*.
```

. For *Accounts and roles*, select your *Associated AWS infrastructure account* and *AWS billing account*.
. For the *Cluster settings* -> *Cluster details*, complete the following text boxes:
+
* *Region*
* *Cluster name*
* *Version*
* *Channel*

> * In about 20 minutes after you complete this information, your cluster is ready to build and you are taken to all the other necessary pages.

Reviewer: Rather than formatting this as part of the list of text boxes, it should be indented with the step itself. You should be able to do that like this (the line break and subsequent `+` detach the paragraph from the bulleted list and attach it to the "grandparent" list - see https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/continuation/#ancestor-list-continuation for more info):

```suggestion
...
* *Channel*

+ 
In about 20 minutes after you complete this information, your cluster is ready to install and you can continue to configure it.
```

> . For *Machine pool* -> *Networking* -> *Configuration* -> *CIDR ranges* -> *Cluster roles and policies*, complete all the required text boxes with the specifications that you want for your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For *Machine pool* -> *Networking* -> *Configuration* -> *CIDR ranges* -> *Cluster roles and policies*, complete all of the required text boxes with the specifications that you want for your cluster.
```

> . On the *Review and create* -> *Review your ROSA cluster* page, verify that all the information and details are what you want your cluster to include.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Review and create* -> *Review your ROSA cluster* page, verify that the cluster details are correct.
```

> . *Optional*: If you want to forward your control plane logs fo an Amazon `S3` bucket or `CloudWatch` log group, complete the following instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Optional*: If you want to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket or `CloudWatch` log group, complete the following instructions:
```

.. On the *Control plane log forwarding (optional)* page, click *Enable Amazon S3*, or *Enable CloudWatch*, or both.
.. If you enable Amazon `S3`, complete the following fields:
+

> * *Bucket name*: Give it a unique identifier across all of {AWS}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Bucket name*: Give it a unique identifier across all of {AWS}.
```

> * *Bucket prefix*: Give it an optional path to organize your data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Bucket prefix*: Give it an optional path to organize your data.
```

> * *Select groups and applications* (optional): When you select a group, the log forwarder collects all the applications and related services from that group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Select groups and applications* (optional): When you select a group, the log forwarder collects all of the applications and related services from that group
```

.. If you enable `CloudWatch`, complete the following fields:
+

> * *Prerequisite*: Verify that you have created an `IAM` role and policy, then click the box stating that you have

Reviewer: All of the field descriptions should be complete sentences ending in periods.

* *Log group name*: Give it a unique identifier
* *Role ARN*: Give the `IAM` role ARN. For example, `arn:aws:iam::<12-digit-account-id>:role/<role-name>`
* *Select groups and applications*: When you select a group, the log forwarder collects all the applications and related services from that group

> .. On the *Review and create* -> *Review your ROSA cluster* page, verify that all the information and details are what you want your cluster to include.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On the *Review and create* -> *Review your ROSA cluster* page, verify that the cluster details are correct.
```
